Caching Navigation View assets via `TileStore::loadResource` (#5750)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features
- Exposed `NavigationRoute#origin` that describes the type of router that generated the particular route. [#5766](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5766)
- Added `RestStop#name` field which contains a name of the service/rest area, when available. [#5768](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5768)

> - Added new `ResourceLoader` class that loads and caches on disk `MapboxJunctionApi`, `MapboxSignboardApi` and `MapboxRouteShieldApi` assets. Default instance can be acquired by calling `ResourceLoaderFactory#getInstance()` [#5750](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5750)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced persistent cache for assets downloaded by `MapboxJunctionApi`, `MapboxSignboardApi` and `MapboxRouteShieldApi` to decrease the bandwidth consumption. [#5750](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5750)
```
